pi@raspberrypi ~/marshmallow-game $ sudo ./marshmallow.py 
./marshmallow.py:7: RuntimeWarning: A physical pull up resistor is fitted on this channel!
  GPIO.setup(2, GPIO.IN)
marshmallow makes a good input
amarshmallow makes a good input
amarshmallow makes a good input
amarshmallow makes a good input
amarshmallow makes a good input
amarshmallow makes a good input
amarshmallow makes a good input
amarshmallow makes a good input
amarshmallow makes a good input
amarshmallow makes a good input
amarshmallow makes a good input
marshmallow makes a good input
marshmallow makes a good input
marshmallow makes a good input
marshmallow makes a good input
marshmallow makes a good input
marshmallow makes a good input
marshmallow makes a good input
marshmallow makes a good input
^CTraceback (most recent call last):
  File "./marshmallow.py", line 14, in <module>
    time.sleep(0.5)
KeyboardInterrupt
